TODO.md, before:

## TODOs

-   Build a chat routing vessel example.
-   Complete the RPS example.
-   Expand the default world.
-   Improve walkthrough, add checks for multi-line.
-   Potentially add syntax highlighting for both Paradise Commands and WildcardLISP.

### Time - in progress

-   `@time`, [Desamber](https://wiki.xxiivv.com/Desamber) time format **830:024**.
-   `@time-beat`, [Desamber](https://wiki.xxiivv.com/Desamber) time format **830**.
-   `@time-pulse`, [Desamber](https://wiki.xxiivv.com/Desamber) time format **024**.

### WildcardLISP

-   Implement lists
    -   Random from list
-   Implement addition, multiplication, subtraction, division, powers, logarithms, increment, decrement, etc.
-   Loops
-   Lambdas?
-   Functions?
    -   `mapcar`-like utility to apply function to each element in list
-   Variables?
-   Add the rest of the (as-of-yet) untransferred wildcards.
    -   `__random`
    -   `time`, `beat`, `pulse`
    -   `_note`
    -   Obtain lists of vessels

### Save / Load

-   Implement a save/load feature for the CLI

Commit message:

Implement a whole lot of maths operators - `add a b c ...` Add numbers - `sub a b` Subtract 1 number from another - `mult a b c ...` Multiply numbers (not working yet) - `div a b` Divide numbers - `pow a b` Exponents - `inc a` Increment - `dec a` Decrement
Signed-off-by: microlith57 <microlith57@gmail.com>

TODO.md, after:

## TODOs

-   Build a chat routing vessel example.
-   Complete the RPS example.
-   Expand the default world.
-   Improve walkthrough, add checks for multi-line.
-   Potentially add syntax highlighting for both Paradise Commands and WildcardLISP.

### Time - in progress

-   `@time`, [Desamber](https://wiki.xxiivv.com/Desamber) time format **830:024**.
-   `@time-beat`, [Desamber](https://wiki.xxiivv.com/Desamber) time format **830**.
-   `@time-pulse`, [Desamber](https://wiki.xxiivv.com/Desamber) time format **024**.

### WildcardLISP

-   Implement lists
    -   Random from list
-   Implement logarithms, and any other maths operators I can think of.
-   Loops
-   Lambdas?
-   Functions?
    -   `mapcar`-like utility to apply function to each element in list
-   Variables?
-   Add the rest of the (as-of-yet) untransferred wildcards.
    -   `__random`
    -   `time`, `beat`, `pulse`
    -   `_note`
    -   Obtain lists of vessels

### Save / Load

-   Implement a save/load feature for the CLI
